14.0 Docs (#5964)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: docs/app/references/changelog.mdx

title: Changelog
---

## 14.0.0

> _Released 1/7/2024_

Reviewer: just a reminder to change the date

> _Released 1/7/2024_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Released 1/16/2025_
```

- Fixed a visibility issue when the element is positioned `static` or `relative` and the element's offset parent is positioned `absolute`, a descendent of the ancestor, and has no clippable overflow. Fixed in [#29689](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/29689). Fixes [#28638](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/28638).
- Fixed a visibility issue for elements with `textContent` but without a width or height. Fixed in [#29688](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/29688). Fixes [#29687](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/29687).
- Elements whose parent elements has `overflow: clip` and no height/width will now correctly show as hidden. Fixed in [#29778](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/29778). Fixes [#23852](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/23852).
- The CSS pseudo-class `:dir()` is now supported when testing in Electron. Addresses [#29766](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/29766).

**Misc:**

> - Removed some component testing API stubs that were removed in [Cypress v11.0.0](https://docs.cypress.io/app/references/migration-guide#Component-Testing-Updates). Addressed in [#30696](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/30696). Addresses [#30623](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/30623).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Removed some component testing API stubs that were removed in [Cypress v11.0.0](/app/references/migration-guide#Component-Testing-Updates). Addressed in [#30696](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/30696). Addresses [#30623](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/30623).
```

- The `cy.origin()` command must now be used when navigating between subdomains. Because this is a fairly disruptive change for users who frequently navigate between subdomains, a new configuration option is being introduced. `injectDocumentDomain` can be set to `true` in order to re-enable the injection of `document.domain` setters in Cypress. This configuration option is marked as deprecated and you'll receive a warning when Cypress is launched with this option set to `true`. It will be removed in Cypress 15. Addressed in [#30770](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/30770).
- The `experimentalSkipDomainInjection` configuration has been removed and replaced with an `injectDocumentDomain` configuration. Addressed in [#30770](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/30770).

> - It is no longer possible to make a `fetch` or `XMLHttpRequest` request from the `about:blank` page in Electron (i.e. `cy.window().then((win) => win.fetch('<some-url>'))`). You must use `cy.request` instead or perform some form of initial navigation via `cy.visit()`. Addressed in [#29547](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/30394).

Reviewer 2: Text and link disagree.
`Addressed in [#29547](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/30394).`

Reviewer: My guess is this is supposed to be `30394`

> - The `experimentalJustInTimeCompile` configuration option for component testing has been replaced with a `justInTimeCompile` option that is `true` by default. This option will only compile resources directly related to your spec, compiling them 'just-in-time' before spec execution. This should result in improved memory management and performance for component tests in `cypress open` and `cypress run` modes, in particular for large component testing suites. `justInTimeCompile` is now only supported for [`webpack`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/webpack). Addresses [#30234](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/30234). Addressed in [#30402](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/30402).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `experimentalJustInTimeCompile` configuration option for component testing has been replaced with a `justInTimeCompile` option that is `true` by default. This option will only compile resources directly related to your spec, compiling them 'just-in-time' before spec execution. This should result in improved memory management and performance for component tests in `cypress open` and `cypress run` modes, in particular for large component testing suites. `justInTimeCompile` is now only supported for [`webpack`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/webpack). Addresses [#30234](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/30234). Addressed in [#30641](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/30641).
```

`30402` was superseded by `30641`

  - `Nuxt.js` version 2. Addresses [#30468](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/30468).
  - `React` versions 16 and 17. Addresses [#29607](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/29607).
  - `Svelte` versions 3 and 4. Addresses [#30492](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/30492) and [#30692](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/30692).
  - `Vue` version 2. Addresses [#30295](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/30295).
- The `cypress/react18` test harness is no longer included in the Cypress binary. Instead, React 18 support is now shipped with `cypress/react`! Addresses [#29607](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/29607).
- The `cypress/angular-signals` test harness is no longer included in the Cypress binary. Instead, signals support is now shipped with `cypress/angular`! This requires `rxjs` to be installed as a `peerDependency`. Addresses [#29606](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/29606).
- The Cypress configuration wizard for Component Testing supports TypeScript 4.0 or greater. Addresses [#30493](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/30493).

> - `@cypress/webpack-dev-server` no longer supports `webpack-dev-server` version 3. Additionally, `@cypress/webpack-dev-server` now ships with `webpack-dev-server` version 5 by default. `webpack-dev-server` version 4 will need to be installed along side Cypress if you are still using `webpack` version 4. Addresses [#29308](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/29308), [#30347](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/30347), and [#30141](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/30141).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `@cypress/webpack-dev-server` no longer supports `webpack-dev-server` version 3. Additionally, `@cypress/webpack-dev-server` now ships with `webpack-dev-server` version 5 by default. `webpack-dev-server` version 4 will need to be installed alongside Cypress if you are still using `webpack` version 4. Addresses [#29308](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/29308), [#30347](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/30347), and [#30141](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/30141).
```

https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/alongside

- The new `injectDocumentDomain` configuration option is released as deprecated. It will be removed in Cypress 15. Addressed in [#30770](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/30770).

**Features:**

- `injectDocumentDomain`, a new configuration option, can be set to `true` in order to re-enable the injection of `document.domain` setters in Cypress. Addressed in [#30770](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/30770).
- Cypress Component Testing now supports:
  - `React` version 19. Addresses [#29470](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/29470).
  - `Angular` version 19. Addresses [#30175](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/30175).
  - `Next.js` version >=15.0.4. Versions 15.0.0 - 15.0.3 depend on the React 19 Release Candidate and are not officially supported by Cypress, but should still work. Addresses [#30445](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/30445).
  - `Svelte` version 5. Addresses [#29641](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/29641).
  - `Vite` version 6. Addresses [#30591](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/30591).

**Bugfixes:**

> - Elements with `display: contents` will no longer use box model calculations for visibility, and correctly show as visible when it is visible. Fixed in [#29680](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/29680). Fixes [#29605](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/29605).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Elements with `display: contents` will no longer use box model calculations for visibility, and correctly show as visible when they are visible. Fixed in [#29680](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/29680). Fixes [#29605](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/29605).
```
